Add permission user check (#89)
cyber-crypt-com/encryptonize-core: documentation/api/api-v2.md

# Add Permission

Adds a User to the access list of the specified `Object`. This call can fail if the caller does not

> have access to the `Object`, if the target user doesn't exist or if the Encryption Service cannot reach the auth storage.. In these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have access to the `Object`, if the target user does not exist, or if the Encryption Service cannot reach the auth storage. In these
```
